add vendor extension for correct model generation (#958)
Rebilly/api-definitions: specification-extensions.md

* `x-product`
  This property declares operations that must be included into the specific API definition bundle.
  See more [here](plugins/products-bundler/README.md).

* `x-is-free-form`

>   This flag is currently used for the php sdk autogeneration. It indicates that the schema should not be generated as a model.

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
  This flag is used for PHP SDK autogeneration. It indicates that the schema should not be generated as a model.
```

* `x-enum-mapping`
  This property enumerates the mapping options for a custom discriminator schema. For example `openapi/components/schema/ReadyToPay/Adjust/AdjustPaymentMethod.yaml`.

* `x-no-generate`

>   This flag is used for the php sdk autogeneration. It indicates that the schema should not be generated. Any updates in schemas with this flag requires a manual update of the sdk.

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
  This flag is used for PHP SDK autogeneration. It indicates that the schema should not be generated. Updates to schemas with this flag require a manual update of the SDK.
```

* `x-abstract-parent`
  This property is used for the php sdk autogeneration. It indicates the parent abstract class in the case the generator is not able to properly define it.

* `x-no-abstract-methods`

>   This flag is used for the php sdk autogeneration. It indicates that the generated model will not implement getters nor setters.

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
  This flag is used for PHP SDK autogeneration. It indicates that the generated model will not implement getters or setters.
```
